# Project Gray - microservices app

Small dockerised app based on python + fastAPI, where you can plot a chart using some filters at frontend page.

## Description

Initially, the project was just a job interview challange that I decided to continue on.

What you can find here is an app that allows you to plot a chart with the use of filters below. The chart is generated by the offline version of the plotly library which uses data got by CRUD API. The data is stored on a Postgresql container. As the plotting may take a while, the task is worked out in the meantime by the celery worker and the result of it is stored on Redis broker.

The dataset contains demographic data for grades in K-8 schools in New York, 2015-2016. The data is downloaded at container start as CSV file, cleaned up and converted to a pandas data frame, then uploaded into SQL base.

The project is finished. However, there are still few issues and areas for improvement.

## Getting Started

### Dependencies

* Docker
* Virtual environment with installed all dependencies from requirements.txt
	```
	pip install -r requirements.txt
	```

### Running the app

Open your command line / bash.
Get into the project root folder.
Build docker containers by:
	```
	docker-compose build
	```
Then run them by:
	```
	docker-compose up
	```

### Exiting the app

Use CTRL+C in your command line (where previously runned containers) if you want to turn off the app.
To drop containers type:
	```
	docker-compose down
	```

## Help

In case of any questions just shot me a mail or pm.

## Author

Arkadiusz Choruży  
[LinkedIN](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arkadiuszchoruzy/)
[Github](https://github.com/industArk)

## License

This project is licensed under the [NAME HERE] License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

## Acknowledgments

Inspiration, code snippets, etc.
* [Igor 'IOR88' Miazek's coding-challenge](https://github.com/IOR88)
